going to one of his dinner parties. Well, they were
regular, you know, people coming that were in the
publishing business that had been his friends
over the years. And these were just marvelous
people that get into publishing business.
They're like Frank. They had good associations
and experiences, you know, and they're very
verbal. And, um, uh, Rosemary was a wonderful
hostess in that born house. And, um, It was just our
privilege to spend evenings over there with them
and their guests. And with Mrs.
I got my son-in-law's book written. But I'm trying
to think of the... We're back on. Okay. Even the
people that Frank hired were talented and
interesting people. And I enjoyed their
friendship. And, of course, I'm real proud that
they have their own building and that John
Lindsay's name is on it because he preserved it.
And do you think John will get the railroad moved? I
don't know. I don't know. That one's going to take a
long time. Also, in the John Lindsay and Impress
building, there is a collection of Shewitt's art
hanging all over the building. Well, I had a
Shewitt's print, but I... It was a letter. The
third page of a letter. And I gave it to Roger Miller
in Cincinnati. I never heard from him. He told
Catherine he hadn't written me. I just sent John a
copy of the three pages in the letter. He drew and
commented and sketched the bonfire being built
while I was up taking care. The third page of the
letter. He had told what he'd been doing and so
forth. He sketched that bonfire and had the kids
carrying the logs. It was perfect. and made
comments. And this was the day before the elephant
walk, but he wrote it like he talked. And I kept that
letter and had it framed in there. And I'm trying to
think. I think it's important that the right
person get it. But Roger lived with me for all that
time down there and did work for me when Jack was in
the hospital and when I was down there that six
weeks. Roger was with me. Now, he's back in
Hamilton, isn't he? I don't know. I think so. Mary
saw him at, he was at the dedication of the bill. And
see, his sister, Mary Lynn, is on the staff. She's
still there. Yes, I see her regularly. She talked
to me when I was there for the dedication of
the statute. There's just so many little things,
you know, like this, events in the time. and seeing
the students and knowing how smoothly that
problem went. They never had a lot of big problems
with students like they were having all over the
United States at the time. And so it really was good
for Jack that it was not a big problem with the
student body. All right, let's close for today.
And if you will, share with us in closing some
amusing Texas A&M Williams family incident you
recall? Well, I don't usually tell people that,
but anyway, we were walking over to the stadium one
day, and Jack never made demands on me. He just told
me to do something like drive to Atlanta and pick up
a camper, or go take care of my mother while she's in
the hospital. I volunteered, but he was always
telling me what to do, and just do this and do that,
because he just thought that you can't. But this
day, he said, there's something I'm going to have
to ask you today. And I had no idea what was coming.
And he said, I would like for you to learn the school
song. He didn't realize he had never heard me sing.
I can't carry a tune. I made no comment when he said
it. And he didn't mention it again. And I gather
that you didn't learn it. I did learn to sing. I have
dark tissue for eardrums. I did not hear all the
sounds. So you didn't sing it later? I don't
remember. Because it didn't offend me, and I
didn't die laughing. I can laugh now, but I didn't
laugh in his face. When we, in those days, when the
rest of us would be standing and singing, would you
stand and say the words? Probably mumble
something. Probably not, since he noticed that I
wasn't trying to sing. He was singing. You know, he
was singing, but he probably had noticed that I
wasn't. But anyway, that's the only request he
ever made for me about my duties. All right. Let's
quit with that. That's a good one.